docs(monitoring): document Prometheus NetworkPolicy access (#1425)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.12.1/important-notes/_index.md

The [CNI Plugin Compatibility](../best-practices#cni-plugin-compatibility) table lists the Kubernetes distribution and CNI combinations that the Longhorn project has validated with `networkPolicies.restrictInternalTraffic` enabled. If your CNI enforces `NetworkPolicy` but your distribution and CNI combination is not listed, test the policies in your target environment before upgrading. For policy behavior and configuration details, see [Network Policies](../advanced-resources/security/network-policy).

> ServiceMonitor discovery does not authorize traffic. Cross-namespace Prometheus scrapers may be blocked by the Longhorn manager policy; use a scoped additive policy, as described in [Prometheus and Grafana setup](../monitoring/prometheus-and-grafana-setup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ServiceMonitor discovery does not authorize traffic. Cross-namespace Prometheus scrapers may be blocked by the Longhorn Manager's network policy. To allow the traffic, use a scoped additive policy as described in [Prometheus and Grafana setup](../monitoring/prometheus-and-grafana-setup).
```

> ServiceMonitor discovery does not authorize traffic. Cross-namespace Prometheus scrapers may be blocked by the Longhorn Manager's network policy. To allow the traffic, use a scoped additive policy as described in [Prometheus and Grafana setup](../monitoring/prometheus-and-grafana-setup).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** 
> ServiceMonitor discovery does not automatically authorize network traffic. Cross-namespace Prometheus scrapers might be blocked by the Longhorn Manager's network policy. To allow this traffic, apply a scoped additive policy as detailed in the [Prometheus and Grafana setup](../monitoring/prometheus-and-grafana-setup) guide.
```
